# Lab 8 - Starter
1. For the recipes project development pipeline, option #1 would be the best because whenever you push, it will give immediate feedback on code functionality/quality. It's also better if you are in a team environment and multiple people need to push to have the tests automatically run so if issues do arise, they can be solved quickly allowing for better continuous integration. Option #2 is not good because say you forget to run the tests on specific changes and it breaks the entire website. This isn't that bad in the case of a recipe website, but in a huge service/libraries that other people depend on, it could cause massive issues just from one tiny mistep. Automation eliminates that issue. Option #3 is never good because it is hugely inefficient as there could be multiple bugs from different places that these tests cannot catch. Writing unit tests as we go along in development allows us to catch these issues before moving on to the next big feature.
2. No because E2E testing is testing **user** interactions with the site.
3. No because testing a message feature is not a small task and there is interface to user interaction which is more suited towards E2E testing. Unit testing is more for small functions that don't have a lot of moving parts which is not what a message application entails with security etc.
4. Yes because this is a small feature that doesn't have a lot of moving parts. You just have some if condition and you can test it pretty easily by passing in some test values which is small which is what unit tests are for.